Be honest
You too. Don't hit me. I can't remember
Oops, deputy manager Wang
Did you find any medicine?
Teacher, these tricksters really don't want it
But there's a young man who seems to have some connections
Why don't we wait?
If you dare to take fake medicine to carry me
I have to pull his fart
I went to the police myself
Don't worry about it.
I didn't have it before, I've refined it all
Less than an hour
You're done
One hour.
Who do you look down on?
Real men only need a minute to check
Do you know the consequences if you fake the medicine?
If you know, test it.
know
No one is allowed to leave here until the results come out
Take it over
Squat down
big brother
Tell me the truth, is this medicine real?
You'll find out later.
It's over, it's over, you're killing us
Don't kill me. It's none of my business
Teacher, don't be angry
I'll handle it, I'll handle it.
Can you not be angry?
He's my brother.
How did you get on the ground?
Is there any place at all, haha?
Somebody worship this brother a chair
Hey bro, here comes the chair
Take a seat on the tree